
https://codepen.io/jonathanstr/pen/eYdPVyL


<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 




Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? giving practical meaning to page elements
    2. What is HTML used for? to give a general arrangement of content
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? something that modifies the presentation or look of the content. you can put it inline or in a seperate css file
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? most important headline, use once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes: link, image
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? metadata, aka info about the page itself
    7. What is an id? used to select a specific element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? any but each one is unique
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? a set of attributes that can be used to overwrite elements' own
    11. What elements can I add a class to? any element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? no limit
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? use attribute target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? tooltips, seo, vision-impaired
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div: section is semantic, div is used for physical manipulation and grouping
    17. What is CSS used for? to style or change specific arrangements of elements
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page: use the element name ex. h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one: class can be used many times, id on only one element; 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? use a '.' and the class name ex. .red-class {}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? selects the immediate sub-element of a given elements.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector? selector that is only temporarily active ex.  hovering over something
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform and respectively uppercase, lowercase, capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    29. How do I select everything on the page? universal selector '*'
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?  /* Comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm
    34. Why should I use version control? to keep project status at different points in time,from multiple contributers, available to return to if necessary 
    35. How often should I commit to github? 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Fork creates your own version of the projecct
        Clone creates a local copy of the project on your drive
        Checkout specifies a new branch with username to work on.
        Then use Push to move changes to remote server

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

